 CKYC Number Notification
Subject:
CKYC Number Notification
From:
ckyc@ckycindia.in
Date:
09-Oct-21, 08:37
To:
BHOLURAJ2U@GMAIL.COM

Dear MR KARTAVYA RAVINDRAKUMAR MAKWANA,

Greetings from Central KYC Registry

We are pleased to inform you that your KYC details with ZERODHA Broking Ltd have been registered with Central KYC Registry.

Please find enclosed your KYC record 40024718720102. The file is password protected. Please enter your date of birth in the format ddmmyyyy to open the file.

Central KYC Records Registry is a centralized repository of KYC records of customers in the financial sector.It enables uniform KYC norms and inter-usability of the KYC records across the financial sector.

The registry is maintained by CERSAI (Central Registry of Securitisation Asset Reconstruction and Security Interest of India),a Government of India undertaking and is authorized by the Government through a notification in the Official Gazette to receive,store, safeguard and retrieve the KYC records in digital form of a client as referred to in the Prevention of Money-laundering Act (PMLA), 2002.

Please do not reply to this mail.

In case of queries related to your KYC data, please contact ZERODHA Broking Ltd.

You may visit our website www.ckycindia.in for further details on Central KYC Registry.

Thanks and Regards,

Central KYC Registry Team

Disclaimer note on content of this message including enclosure(s) and attachment(s): The contents of this e-mail are the privileged and confidential material of Central KYC Registry (CKYCR).The information is solely intended for the individual/entity it is addressed to. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, please be aware that you are not authorized in any which way whatsoever to read,forward, print, retain,copy or disseminate this message or any part of it. If you have received this e-mail in error, we would request you to please notify the sender immediately by return e-mail and delete it from your computer.This e-mail message including attachment(s), if any, is believed to be free of any virus and CKYCR is not responsible for any loss or damage arising in any way from its use.

The data would be provided to the clients on an 'as is' and 'where-is' basis, without any warranty.CKYCR shall not be liable for any delay or any other interruption which may occur in providing the data due to any reason including network (Internet) reasons or snags in the system, break down of the system or any other equipment,server breakdown, maintenance shutdown, breakdown of communication services or inability of the CKYCR to send the data. In no event shall the CKYCR be liable for any damages,including without limitation direct or indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages, losses or expenses arising in connection with the data provided by the CKYCR through this facility.

 
Click here to unsubscribe
Attachments:
40024718720102.pdf	17.8 KB